Updated the README to document cyberwatch-cli (#42)
Cyberwatch/cyberwatch_api: README.md

)
```

## Cyberwatch-CLI

`cyberwatch-cli` located in the `cli/` folder, is a tool allowing you to manage additional functionalities. You can learn more about them using the `help` subcommand.

```bash
python3 cyberwatch-cli.py help
```

**operating systems**

> You can list all the operating systems known by your Cyberwatch instance :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can list all the operating systems known by your Cyberwatch instance:
```

```bash
python3 cyberwatch-cli.py os list
```

**airgap assets**

> You can import all the airgap scripts to execute on your asset. If no directory is given, this will create a default `cyberwatch-airgap` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can download all the airgap scripts to execute on your asset. If no directory is given, this will create a default `cyberwatch-airgap` folder.
```

```bash
python3 cyberwatch-cli.py airgap download-scripts
```

> The `run` script you need to run can be found in the `scripts/` subdirectory, according to the target operating system. You can execute this script on a machine and save the produced output in a file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `run` script can be found in the `scripts/` subdirectory, according to the target operating system. It is used to run all other scripts on an asset and its output can be saved in a file.
```

> You can then create a new airgap asset by exporting the result file to your Cyberwatch instance :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then create a new airgap asset by exporting the result file to your Cyberwatch instance:
```

```bash
python3 cyberwatch-cli.py airgap upload result.txt
```

**airgap compliance rules**

You can download all the compliance rules to execute on your asset by specifying a target OS and a list of repositories to retrieve the rules from. If no directory is given, this will create a default `cyberwatch-airgap-compliance` folder.

```bash
python3 cyberwatch-cli.py airgap download-compliance-scripts --os OS_KEY --repositories REPOSITORY1, REPOSITORY2
```

The script you need to run can be found in the `scripts/` subdirectory. You can execute this script on an asset and save the produced output in a file.

> Afterward, you can export the file containing the conformity results to the corresponding airgap asset within your Cyberwatch instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Afterward, you can export the file containing the compliance results to the corresponding airgap asset within your Cyberwatch instance.
```

```bash
python3 cyberwatch-cli.py airgap upload result_file.txt
```
**SSL Certificate Validation**

> By default, SSL certification validation is disabled. You can enable it by using the `--verify-ssl` flag :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, SSL certification validation is disabled. You can enable it by using the `--verify-ssl` flag:
```
